UK FINANCE DISCLOSURE FORM (VERSION 1) valid from 21/02/2018

This form must be completed by the seller(s) of any property that is to be occupied or purchased for the first time, or for the first time in its current form, i.e. a new build, renovated or converted property.

The completed form must be supplied to the solicitor/conveyancer acting on behalf of the lender providing the mortgage finance for the property.
The form must be supplied to the valuer acting on behalf of the lender upon request.

This form is designed to ensure full disclosure of the financial aspects of the transaction and key information about the property.
It is not meant to be used to provide a valuation.

To be completed by reference to the UK Finance FAQ. https://www.ukfinance.org.uk/lenders- handbook/disclosure-of-incentives-form-faqs -

1. DETAILS

SPV 22 Ltd c/o Mr Pakkirisamy Bhoopalan Natarajan

Name(s) of buyer(s)

2. NEW PROPERTY DETAILS Provide a plan clearly identifying the subject property and any garages/outbuilding/parking spaces

Plot 767

Number

Dwelling type (house, flat, maisonette etc)

House

Development Name and Address

Beam Park, New Road, Rainham, Essex, RM13 8DH

Property Postal 38, Bridgend Crescent, Rainham P (ifo asllotccoatdeed) RM13 8XJ

Address (if allocated)

2.a. GARAGE AND PARKING

Is an allocated garage, car port or parking space included in the transaction?

YES ☒ NO ☐

If you have ticked YES, is it, or will it be following first registration of the property:

Included in the same title as the property A right to use a parking facility

☒ In a separate title but owned by the buyer ☐

(i.e. can be sold separately from the property)

☐

Physically adjoining the plot/property YES ☐ NO ☐

2.b. PRICE AND DISCOUNTS

Please provide the list price, any discounts and the agreed sales price (this should not include any incentives as these will be detailed in question 7 below)

Gross list price £ 580,000 Discount £

Reason for discount Agreed sales price £ 580,000 Date sales price agreed 30/06/2023

2.c. TYPE OF CONSTRUCTION

Brick/Block

Clearly specify the primary construction materials and method of construction used (e.g. traditional brick/block/timber frame, MMC, off-site, volumetric, pods, panelised, etc.)

Energy Performance Rating (EPC) (if known) TBC

2.d. NEW HOME WARRANTY PROVIDER/PROFESSIONAL CONSULTANT AND ACCREDITATION SYSTEM Name of Warranty provider/Professional consultant (if Professional Consultant Certificate being accepted)

NHBC

90010

Company registration number with the warranty provider (e.g.
NHBC registration number)

Accreditation system if non-traditional (brick/block/timber framed construction)

3. SITE / DEVELOPMENT LAYOUT Please provide the following details for the whole site / development:

3.a. NUMBER OF UNITS Please complete (i) and, where appropriate, (ii)

i) State the approximate number of constructed units on the seller's site

Units constructed in the

Units planned to be

139

117

last 12 months

constructed in the next 12 months

ii) If the property is being sold by, or on behalf of, an investor/investment company or you have identified an investor/investment company in question 5 below, please state the total number of units on site in which the investor/investment company has ownership rights/an interest in the sale

3.b. FLATS/APARTMENTS: Number of storeys N/A

Subject property on Floor N/A

Total Number of units in the block Lift provided YES ☐ / NO ☐

3.c. TENURE MIX Please provide details of the Affordable Housing requirement (S106/S75) on this site/development

Shared Ownership

Type of Affordable Homes (Shared Ownership, Resale Covenant, Public Rented, etc.)

Number of units of each (if known)

3.d. SHARED AMENITIES

List full details of any shared amenities included in the transaction, e.g. access to gym facilities (this should not include access to open spaces or use of communal stairwells, lifts or access points)

4. ASSISTED PURCHASE DETAILS Please provide full details of any assisted purchase scheme utilised in this transaction

(e.g. shared equity, shared ownership, loan from seller, etc.)

4.a. SHARED EQUITY/ EQUITY LOAN

Percentage of any equity held by a third party (usually in the form of a legal second charge)

Name of party or parties holding equity Scheme name

% (percent)

4.b. SHARED OWNERSHIP

Share of ownership purchased by the buyer

Share of ownership retained by seller or purchased by third party

Name of third party or parties retaining/purchasing a share of ownership

4.c. LOAN FROM SELLER Provide details of the loan including any interest and repayment terms, whether secured or unsecured

4.d. OTHER PURCHASE SCHEMES (e.g. guarantee schemes sale/resale restrictions, government subsidies, grants, guarantees etc.)

Name of scheme

% (percent) % (percent)

Please provide details of any resale restrictions included in the title

5. NAME(S) AND ADDRESS(ES) OF THE SELLER(S)

List details of all organisations/individuals who will receive all or part of the sale consideration as a result of this transaction, including under any contract or agreement to sub-sell, assign contract, or through an option or agreement to purchase e.g. where a secondary buyer has entered into a sub-contract (back to back) with the original buyer(s) (continue on a separate sheet if necessary)

Name/s of organisation      Countryside Properties                                  
/individuals                                                                        
Address                     Countryside House, The Drive, Brentwood, Essex, CM13 3AT
(incl. postcode if known)                                                           
Telephone number            01277 260 000                                           

Amount to be received

Name/s of organisation/individuals Address (incl. postcode if known)

Telephone number

Amount to be received

£ 580,000

£

6. INTRODUCTORY/FINDERS FEES

and/or

and/or

List the details of any introductory/finders fees, however described, that have been agreed

(continue on a separate sheet if necessary)

Name of recipient(s)

Address (incl. postcode if known)

Fee agreed

Name of recipient(s)

Address (incl. postcode if known)

Fee agreed

£ £

and/or

and/or

100 %

%

%

%

7. INCENTIVES

List the details of any incentives to be received by the purchaser either before or after completing the transaction (continue on a separate sheet if necessary)

List full details of the value of all financial incentives to be received by the buyer(s):

Deposit paid by seller

£

Guaranteed rental income

£ Total (£ per month for months)

Mortgage subsidies

£ Total (£ per month for months) (including payment of mortgage interest, subsidies of interest rate and mortgage payment subsidies)

Stamp Duty Land

10,000.00

Tax / LBTT

Cashbacks

£

payment

£

Legal fees

£

Valuer fees £

Other financial incentives not listed* £ (give details below)

* Please provide full details of other financial incentives

Deposit Contribution

Provide a list of all non-financial/in-kind incentives to be received by the buyer(s)

(e.g. white goods/kitchen appliances; furniture/furnishing; electrical equipment; garden furniture/landscaping; holidays; vehicles; buy-back guarantees; car-parking season tickets etc).
This is NOT an exhaustive list.

Do not include any items provided as part of the standard specification of the property

8. PART EXCHANGE - ASSISTANCE WITH MOVING/SELLING COSTS

If you have offered to purchase the buyer's property please list the agreed price.
If the property is being purchased by a third party agent/property management company then please provide details of the fee paid.
If you are assisting your buyer/s by paying sales costs for existing property/ies then please provide details of all costs and fees paid.

Full postal address of property/ies being Part Exchanged or Assisted with moving/selling costs: (including post code)

8.a. PART EXCHANGE

Price agreed Amount above/below market valuation (if below express as a negative)

£ £

Fee paid to seller's agent (if any) £ or % of price agreed for part exchange property

£

/

%

Fee paid to third party agent / property management company (if any) £ / % £ or % of price agreed for part exchange property

8.b. ASSISTED SELLING COSTS

(agents' sales fees, advertising, removal costs, storage, etc.)

Provide a breakdown of costs / partial costs paid:

£

9. TENURE AND CHARGES

Freehold

9 a. TENURE TYPE (e.g.
Freehold, Leasehold, Heritable, Commonhold, etc.)

9.b. LEASEHOLD Length of Lease N/A

Date of commencement of LeaseN/A Initial Ground Rent (amount) N/A

Review terms of Ground Rent: Frequency of review n/a

Methodology n/a

(e.g. Index, multiplier, etc.)

NB If there are separate Lease/Ground Rent terms for Parking Spaces/Garages etc; provide details

Name & Address of Freeholder

9.c. COMMONHOLD Details of arrangement and any charges

N/A

9.d. SERVICE CHARGES (if applicable) Initial amount £ N/A

Frequency of payment N/A

9.e. ESTATE CHARGES (if applicable)

214.00

Initial amount £ Frequency of payment PA

IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THIS FORM

The information provided in this form is a material consideration taken into account by any valuer valuing the property and any lender deciding how much to lend on the security of the property.
The solicitor/conveyancer acting on behalf of the lender will assume that the information is accurate and complete to the best of the seller's belief and that there are no off-contract arrangements linked to this transaction.

After submitting this form the seller must inform the solicitor/conveyancer acting for the lender of any changes to the information provided as soon as is practicable, but in any event prior to exchange of contracts/missives.
If the seller does not have the contact details for the lender's solicitor/conveyancer they must ensure that their solicitor/conveyancer passes this information on.

10. DETAILS OF PERSON COMPLETING THE FORM

Susan asan Price- Hardy

Signature on behalf of the seller(s)

Print name Organisation Position Date signed

Susan Price-Hardy Countryside Properties Sales Consultant

30/06/2023